well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so Microsoft is basically placing
all the world to open-source code into a
vault in the Arctic you know back in the
40s at Oglethorpe University in Georgia
the Crypt of civilization was built
it's a vault full of a whole bunch of
microfilm all kinds of stuff it's slated
to be opened in 8113 60 100 years from
now the reason it was put together is
because dr. Ford well Jacobs when he was
teaching about ancient civilizations and
researching them he was just beside
himself at the lack of information so he
wanted to put something together because
the lack of information stemmed from
these civilizations following implicit
in the project is the belief that one
day this civilization will fall now near
the global Seed Vault in Norway is the
Arctic world archive the open source
code isn't on discs or hard drives it's
on a microfilm like substance on giant
reels time capsules are unique in the
idea that we're going to be sending
information into the future that
hopefully and they already know but the
reason we're doing it is because they
may not while some of the stores some of
the things that are put into these
vaults and capsules are useful the open
source code encyclopedic knowledge stuff
like that useful some of the care for
humanity's future behind this dark
acceptance that we will one day fall
it gets lost with human arrogance right
next to the open source code and the
Vatican archives is the secret sauce
recipe
for McDonald's the presumption that we
would know what the future would want or
need is the same arrogance that will
likely lead us to fall perhaps given
humanity's just seeming unwillingness to
work together to avoid a fall maybe we
should focus on building vaults all over
the place multiple ones that contain
basic human information the basic
knowledge that humanity needs to survive
if there is a collapse the open source
code on microfilm and undo much gut the
basic information about medicine food
preparation agriculture that would that
would there's a terrifying reality
behind these sites and that is the world
government's large companies like
Microsoft the Vatican McDonald's for see
a world recept occurring within the next
750 years because that's how long that
film lasts anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night